gaza's Civil Defense Agency says health
workers have uncovered the bodies of 283
people buried in a hospital Courtyard in
the southern city of Han yunes they
found the apparent Mass grave at the
Nasser Hospital the site was previously
raided by Israeli forces the agency says
some of the debt had no clothing
indicating they may have faced torture
and abuse Israel's military says it is
checking the information which has not
been independently verified
and DW correspondent Tanya Kramer in
Jerusalem told us more about the bodies
that have been
found well I mean there are more details
coming out and uh this is not obviously
the end of it as you said the Civil
Defense Forces there have said that they
have found at least 200 bodies in AAS
grave which is located in the courtyard
of the alasa hospital and this goes back
uh they say uh when there has been heavy
fighting a military operation by the
Israeli military in KH Yunis uh in
January February um which ended sometime
in early April now um hunas is the
second largest city in the Gaza Strip
there had been heavy fighting going on
and from uh eyewitnesses at the time but
also from medical uh noos from the medic
medical staff in the hospital uh they
were talking at the time about heavy
fighting around the hospital first but
also a siege that it was very difficult
for uh Medical Teams or for patients and
injured people to reach the hospital and
then with the Israeli uh military
entering also uh the hospital uh that
was in February now with the Army
withdrawing uh we're seeing now um uh
these uh uh Graves being uh um
discovered Hamas authorities have said
that some as you said were found without
cloth somewhere killed there we heard at
the time from many arrests being made
and the Israeli military so far has not
commented on it but saying it's checking
uh these reports and checking uh the
information and we're hearing from uh uh
Palestinians uh from Han Yunis and from
eyewitnesses there that there are many
relatives now that the fighting at least
in in this hospital has stopped where um
you know the Israeli military they've
done this also in other hospitals
entering hospitals because they are
saying uh that these are command centers
of Hamas they were also looking for uh
signs of the hostages Israeli hostages
being held in Gaza or potentially for
bodies uh but right now uh for uh many
uh families and relatives they're going
back there to look for their loved ones
and and take the Buddies to bury them in
a proper uh graveyard